Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

The point is just by looking into overlapping friends is not reliable.
For example, if Jill and Gary both had more than 10000 friends and Cliton
and Donald have only 1 friend. If we look into the percentage, these two
result will be 3.44% and 100%.

So in order to fix this issue, we have to also consider the total number of
their friends.


2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

First, Magic Johnson supports Clinton. As his tweeting 
"I feel @HillaryClinton will be a great President for the American people and 
she will make sure that everyone has a voice!"

According to the Internet, He doesn’t hate Donald Trump.  
He even says that he’d gladly do business with the Donald after Clinton wins the Oval Office. 
He’s even open to being friends with him.


3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

First of all, Donald is a radical person. So this is probably the reason
he has only a few follows.

Although 3k is way larger than 50, the amount of data is insufficient.
Thus it might effect our analysis.  
 
So the way to fix it is to increase the quantity of friends.
For example, if Gary got 10K and Donald got 1K,
the result is more authentic.


4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

In the API, it says “180 calls every 15 minutes.”
Also in 15 requests per rate-limiting. 
15 / 15 * 5000
According to this equation, it is 5000 date per minutes.
